Add auto_device_count and device name support (#13423)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/pytorch_lightning/CHANGELOG.md

- The `WandbLogger` will now use the run name in the logs folder if it is provided, and otherwise the project name  ([#12604](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12604))

> - Updated hpus's auto_device_count, device available & name usage based on the updated torch habana package ([#13423](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/13423))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated Habana Accelerator's `auto_device_count`, `is_available` & `get_device_name` methods based on the latest torch habana package ([#13423](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/13423))
```
